David Bay here for muscular development
calm we're in Columbus for the 2014
Arnold sports festival just wrapped up
the men's amateur bodybuilding
prejudging definitely some tough classes
I got to be a hundred percent honest
with you guys we didn't get a
competitor's list this morning you know
and I'm like going into some of the NPC
shows weren't familiar with some of your
bigger names and even some of the other
guys I recognize I'm going to be a
hundred percent honest wasn't familiar
with a lot of the names what I can tell
you is that there was some really good
competitors each class very much like a
lot of the NPC shows your first call out
you know halfway into your second call
out there was some really tough
competition a lot of guys were good
conditioning I would have liked to have
seen all around sharper conditioning
another thing that you know we talked
about quite a bit at the NPC shows last
year um as far as people that stood out
to me again I don't have any names i
believe it was the second to highest
weight class or the third the highest
weight class over 80 year over 85 there
was two Asian gentleman that were placed
on the far right you can see those in
the pictures that I posted they looked
absolutely incredible small waists full
muscle bellies great conditioning I
think they would be extremely
competitive at an NPC level or any
amateur level for that the one name i am
familiar with in the top weight class i
believe it was over a hundred and twenty
kilos kilos somewhere along those lines
andrew hudson you guys saw a lot of
pictures online a lot of stuff leading
up to this show he didn't disappoint
from what i saw on stage he didn't look
quite as sharp as what we saw in
pictures and that's something that you
know we're not all that unused to being
that when you're posting pictures it's
kind of at the lighting of your choice
as opposed to the lighting on the stage
he still looked good enough was in the
first call out give you guys the inside
track they announce the top five here he
is one of the guys in the top five so we
can look for him there as to whether
he's going to walk away as an overall
winner that I can't really say there
were definitely some other tough guys in
this class and he wasn't that far ahead
again to where i would say andrew hudson
is your overall winner
without being able to see him next to
some other guys so again apologize we
were kind of kind of tossed into the
Lions Den without any sort of competitor
lyst did the best we could to get the
numbers updated if we get a competitor
list later on this evening what we're
going to do is we're going to try to go
back match some names to some numbers
we're going to see if we can do that for
you guys to make sure that you guys are
getting the best coverage possible but
for right now gonna have to go off of
numbers in facial recognition if some of
your friends are competing we're going
to wrap things up here I gotta head over
to the expo take care of some business
over there so for muscular development
calm this is david Bay at the 2014
Arnold sports festival